INSTRUCTIONS TO SET UP MAPCHAT DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT:

These instructions assume that you have the following installed:
- Nodejs and npm
- React
- create-react-app
- xcode

They further assume that you have cloned this project from the 
github repository. Thus, while everything is more or less set up,
this guide will go into some detail about what has been done to 
link create-react-app to apache cordova and what you need to do 
to get everything working on your system.

The main project directory is mapchat
Cordova serves its files through mapchat/www. This mapchat directory
is the the directory cordova is concerned with.

Somewhat confusingly, the mapchat directory, has a directory 
inside it named mapchat as well. mapchat/mapchat is inhabited by 
react and the create-react-app boilerplate. Inside mapchat/mapchat/src,
you will find a file named index.js. This is the file used by react during
the build process and has been modified slightly to include cordova. 
Further, mapchat/mapchat/public has a file called index.html into which
the compile process injects the javascript and the code from the mapchat 
React app. This file has also been modified to include the cordova.js
file. Lastly mapchat/mapchat/package.json is the file that contains all
the dependencies added by npm and is also used to run the necessary scripts 
for building the app. The building script has been modified to copy the built
files over to mapchat/www. The command assumes that the build platform is mac osx
and will not work on other platforms.

Now, finally, the set up process:
1. use npm to install apache cordova using:
	npm install -g cordova
You may need to use sudo to install this since -g installs the package globally
2. you may now cd into mapchat and execute:
	npm install
This simply checks the dependencies inside mapchat/package.json and installs
them. 
3. Now cd into mapchat/mapchat and execute again:
	npm install
This simply checks the dependencies inside mapchat/mapchat/package.json and installs
them. 
4. You now need to install cocoapods - a dependency manager used by cordova during
the build process using:
	sudo gem install cocoapods
Setup cocoapods using:
	pod setup
This will download a substantial amount of data (~600mb)
5. Now navigate to mapchat/platforms/ios and open HelloCordova.xcworkspace. The file 
will open in xcode. You will need to set up a team here. This will allow you to 
generate a signing certificate for the app. For now, choosing the personal option is fine
6. Navigate back to mapchat and type into the cli:
	cordova requirements
This should verify that you have everything ready to compile the app. 
Google resourcefully/panic if this step yields any errors
7. Navigate to mapchat/mapchat and run:
	npm run build
This will compile the react app and copy the files to mapchat/www
8. Now navigate back to mapchat and type into the terminal:
	cordova build ios
Make sure your iphone is not connected to your computer since this apparently seems to 
lead to compile errors (See- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42022191/cordova-build-for-ios-no-profile-found)
9. Finally to run the app:
	cordova emulate ios


If all goes well, this should run the app inside an emulated iPhone window